Added supplement information for packetfilter option (#1230)
Haivision/srt: docs/API.md

- **[SET]** - Set up the packet filter. The string must match appropriate syntax
for packet filter setup.

> As the configuration is one for both parties, it is required that one party
> define full configuration and the other just define the same packet filter type
> (for example, one sets `fec,cols:10,rows:-5,layout:staircase` and the other
> just `fec`), or both parties set the same value to this option. Configurations
> on both parties will be tried to make into one, but if options specified here
> collide, the connection will be rejected.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As there can only be one configuration for both parties, it is recommended that one party
defines the full configuration while the other only defines the matching packet filter type
(for example, one sets `fec,cols:10,rows:-5,layout:staircase` and the other
just `fec`). Both parties can also set this option to the same value. The packet filter function 
will attempt to merge configuration definitions, but if the options specified are in
conflict, the connection will be rejected.

```
